how are you guys doing today that's
right a so getting ready for the weekend
but I just wanted to quickly um share
this video with you guys I was just
talking with my mom I'm just being poor
nonsense you know just exfoliate you
know brightening your skin irrespective
of your skin color whether your dog's
skin
Gamla skin light skinned it is expedient
okay imperative neither expedients
imperative that you exfoliate and
brightening the skin okay for coleesion
you guys know you can use chemical peels
the exfoliator just some mild exfoliator
like google scrub um and then to
brighten you can use like a vitamin C
serum you can buy one if you don't want
to buy one because you want to know what
you're printing is cane then you can
make a pad a messy Sarah okay you can
buy it on these home sites that sell
active ingredients and just make a sound
there are lots of tons tons of DIY on
blogs that talk about vitamin C's arm
and what it does for your skin okay
that's why when you see people like
Gabrielle Union I really love her skin
like she's not lying she's talking buzz
inglot's okay the thing about like
Porsha the one gets the lady from she's
also another dark-skinned person who
whose skin just glows okay
makeup makeup doesn't make up for dull
skin okay without your dark skin light
skin you could be light skin and how to
dose them kiwidoc skinned and just not
have a beautiful you know brown skin you
know what I mean
I was just talking to my mom about that
and that just though let me shed some my
channel cuz some people think it's a dog
skin now you don't need to apply
anything or your skin that's gonna help
you brighten your skin no you actually
need you okay
everyone has vitamin C quotations
engines Africans Asians everyone should
use a um some kind of serum that
brightens up your skin because per day
do you know how many dead skin cells
just kidding on per DC's or creates a
day you need to be making sure you're
slowing off these debts
cells with exfol is an exfoliator and
brightening your skin you know just she
kind of like counteract the effects of
the environment and sunlight
okay our skin is naturally beautiful but
then we live in a world where this
pollution with sun rays ducati to hotter
number toss again so yeah we have to
take care of asking if you have any
questions comments about anything I've
said leave it below look in the comment
sections of all my videos people have a
great idea